AI docs (#1551)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/code-examples/ai-code.md

---
title: Generate code with ChatGPT
description: Use ChatGPT to generate code in the Code node.
contentType: explanation
---

# Generate code with ChatGPT

!!! info "Experimental feature with limited availability"

> 	As an experimental feature, n8n is gradually rolling this out on Cloud from version [TODO]. If you don't see the feature when you first upgrade to [TODO], please be patient: it's coming soon.  

Author: ```suggestion
	As an experimental feature, n8n is gradually rolling this out on Cloud from version 1.3.0. If you don't see the feature when you first upgrade to 1.3.0, please be patient: it's coming soon.  
```
